Issue 1025 - Convert Check for Understanding Into Questions ( Part V ) (#1048)
Techtonica/curriculum: roles-in-tech/developer-advocate.md

Practice soft skills by regular interaction with different people.
Attend Conferences and meetups of different community and share the experience with each other.

### Check for Understanding

In groups of at least 2 people, answer:

> 1- What are the main advantages and skills of a Developer Advocate?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. What are the main advantages and skills of a Developer Advocate?
```

> 2- What are some of the Developer Advocate's responsabilities?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. What are some of the Developer Advocate's responsibilities?
```
